Scala LTS 3.3.5 announcement (#1728)
scala/scala-lang: _posts/2025-01-14-release-notes-3.3.5.md

---
category: announcement
permalink: /news/3.3.5
title: "Scala 3.3.5 is now available!"
---
Scala 3.3.5 LTS is now available!

This patch release backports most of the improvements and bugfixes introduced in the Scala Next series up to the Scala 3.5.2 release.

> All of the backported changes were proven to not break either binary or source compatibility, by testing the compilation of over 1500 projects using [Scala 3 Open Community Build](https://github.com/VirtusLab/community-build3).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All of the backported changes were proven to not break either binary or source compatibility, by testing over 1500 projects in the [Scala 3 Open Community Build](https://github.com/VirtusLab/community-build3).
```

Notable changes:

- Scala 2 Standard Library upgraded to 2.13.15
- Support for JDK 23
- Added the `-Wall` option that enables all linting warnings

> - Aligned `-Wconf` parsing order with Scala 2 semantics

Reviewer: This one could use a link to more information IMO, as it's especially like to have compatibility/migration implications, and since those implications might be silent (false negatives).

Reviewer: https://github.com/scala/scala/releases/edit/v2.13.15 is a sample of how this might be handled (a prominent notice, with a link to further details)
